Come on, come on!
Come on, move it, let's go!
Let's go, men. Quick!
ACTIVITY...
Can you see anything?
ACTIVITY NOT DETECTED
Not a thing.
What is the alert for?
We'll find out...
Channel 1 is common, channel 2
is for officers, channel 3 is for Command.
Report to the common channel.
Roger that.
You have multiple hostiles
3 km away and closing.
Details?
They have a heat signature,
and they're moving at 20 km/h.
They're much bigger than a person.
What the hell are they?
They're the enemy, soldier.
What do you do with the enemy?
I kill them, Major.
Exactly.
So get ready.
Yes, sir.
So what do you really do for a living?
I told you.
Oh, come on.
Seriously.
OK.
- You voluntarily enlisted?
- I am.
Come on, our military has gotten better,
but not that much better.
Also, what are you doing in Moscow then?
You're hanging out, picking up girls.
I'm on leave for two weeks,
I've been in for a year.
And?
Don't be confused by the fancy restaurant.
I can afford it, my family is rich...
My father has his own plant
in Samara.
He served for 15 years,
then started his own business.
Also, my brother was special forces.
He was in Syria.
So, you decided to honor
the family legacy.
Well, you could say that.
Where did you serve?
The 45th Special Forces Airborne Brigade.
Oh? Airborne?
So, did you go parachuting?
Of course. It's airborne.
Tough guy, huh?
Cool!
Ladies and gentlemen,
our airplane is descending
We'll arrive to the airport in 18 minutes
Please return to your seats and get ready for landing
Put your seat back in the upright position
fold up your meal tray, open your window blind
lower the armrests of your seat
and fasten your seatbelt
What is that?
I don't know,
but I think it's something serious.
We interrupt your regularly
scheduled TV program
to bring you this
emergency bulletin.
We've lost contact with the majority
of Russia's most populated areas.
So far, EMERCOM centers haven't reported
any natural disasters.
God, Oleg, she's so scared.
...for nuclear attacks...
- Did they say "nuclear attacks"?
- Maybe it's a war?
What?
...are today's events just
a series of accidents
or is this the result of an attack?
Some experts assume
that terrorists may be responsible
for these events.
Government authorities ask you
to remain calm.
I'm calling my father...
...Do not give in to provocations.
We've just...
received a message...
It's not just Russian cities,
we've lost
contact with the rest of the world.
There's no response from phones,
telegraphs, radios, or Internet sites.
Stay tuned, we're trying to learn more.
Base, this is Bro-1, ETA 4 minutes.
This is a quick recon mission.
Our target is a large town
that we recently lost contact with.
We've sent drones there,
none of them have returned.
Kolya!
The first thing you do
is check radiation levels.
Yes, sir.
Alright. Press!
Miss?
Don't go anywhere,
always remain behind the soldiers.
Try to keep your head down.
Don't make any noise, don't talk.
Major, we're almost there.
I can't see anything, there's no light.
There's a line, I see a highway.
It's like it's been cut off.
It's starting. What do they call it?
Quarantine.
This entire thrust line
has been sealed off like a closed border.
We're right over the town.
We're landing.
Bro-1, this is Orlan-1.
Can you hear me? Over.
This is Bro-1, we hear you. Over.
We're moving in. Cover us.
Copy that. Over and out.
She's been dead for a few hours.
How did they all die?
Let's move out.
Let's search that building.
Bro-1, this is Orlan-1.
We'll search the building and come back.
Get ready to pick us up in 30 minutes.
Orlan-1, copy that. The street is clear.
Look...
dinner is on the table.
You see, it happened suddenly,
it caught people off guard.
This family was about to have dinner,
the cashier, the customers in the aisles,
the drivers behind the wheels.
Where are they then?
Where's who?
You said the family was about
to have dinner.
Where are they?
He took my rifle.
Fire! Everybody, fire!
Hold your fire!
I don't get it, we had to have hit him.
I was shooting right at him.
Who was that?
Who the hell knows?
It's just a silhouette.
Was it human?
Yes.
Kolya got lucky, the vest caught
all the bullets. All his ribs are broken.
We need to carry him.
The chopper is on its way.
Let's bug out.
Don't worry, Kolyan, it'll be alright.
What matters is it didn't
get through the vest.
You'll be fine.
Hey! Did you see the shooter?
No.
He came out of nowhere.
He took my rifle and blinded me
with a light. I couldn't see anything.
He just started shooting.
Major, I have HQ on the line.
HQ, come in.
This is Major Dolmatov,
the CO of Recon Team 7.
We're RTB.
There were no survivors
among the civilians.
We encountered an unidentified hostile
in the quarantine zone.
MONTH OF THE UNKNOWN
It's been almost a month
since we've lost all contact
with the quarantine zone.
Over 100,000,000 Russian citizens
are considered missing.
This information hasn't been confirmed.
Meanwhile, the authorities advise
all citizens to remain calm.
There are no plans to expand
the quarantine zone at this time.
However, the authorities' appeals
have been ignored
by some people of faith.
Thousands of Muslims have gathered
on Red Square today
in anticipation of the upcoming
"end of the world."
Christian Orthodox followers
gather in churches.
A cross procession took place
on New Arbat today.
Due to this occurrence,
the capital's authorities
advise you not to give in to panic
and remain calm...
ORDER TO REPORT FOR INDUCTION INTO
THE ARMED FORCES OF THE RF
Yura, what are they saying?
Nothing, Mom.
Everything's fine, life goes on.
Where's my lipstick?
Help me get ready.
- Where are you going?
- To the store.
Dad will be home soon,
and we have no food.
There's no need, Mom, I already bought it.
The fridge is stocked.
Take this.
What's this?
Your pills, Mom.
What pills?
Mom, you take these every day.
Call your father.
Tell him to be home on time.
Mom, Dad died three years ago.
I'm off to work, will be back late.
If anything, call Sveta.
Sveta lives next door. Remember her?
I asked him this morning,
"When will you be back?"
Alright, take care.
Your dreams... dreams... dreams...
...is our reality...
Virtual Love Chamber is waiting for you.
At your disposal there are more than 1000...
Hold it, kid!
Welcome...
WE ARE ALREADY DEAD
McLuck-8, good morning, this is Dagger-4,
we're approaching the perimeter.
Permission to land? Over.
Dagger-4, permission granted, pad 2.
Copy that. Landing.
And a good morning
won't begin for another 2 hours...
Attention!
At ease, soldiers.
Let me introduce myself,
Lt. Colonel Osmolovskaya.
Main Intelligence Directorate.
I apologize if I came at a bad time.
Hope everyone put their pants on.
And what if we didn't?
Then you'll listen with a bare ass.
As we all know, something
happened 24 days ago,
and all contact was lost
with most of the world.
The entire quarantine zone
is suddenly in a total blackout.
Everything outside this circle
is in complete darkness.
The majority of this Circle of Life
is in Russia, most of Finland,
Estonia, Latvia,
Belarus and Ukraine.
Recon teams sent out along
the inner edge of the quarantine
reported similar situations
in all the populated areas.
Dead civilians and several contacts
with an unidentified hostile.
One of the teams brought some bodies back.
Autopsies showed that the COD was
poisoning with endogenous neurotoxins,
as in, chemicals produced
by the human body.
Are you trying to say that all the bodies
within this "Circle of Life"
just went ahead and poisoned themselves?
Not me, the facts.
Our primary objective
is to collect all the necessary data
for the scientists, so they can determine
the nature of these events.
Our secondary objective is to move deeper
into the quarantine zone.
The country's resources
are extremely limited.
We need to get our territory back.
However, we have to be very careful,
because...
there is more bad news.
Five recon teams that were deployed
deep into the quarantine zone
are MIA.
I think many of you know this.
I heard from the guys
a few teams have vanished.
But I doubt you heard that
an entire company of tanks was sent
toward the Kirov Region on the first day.
An entire company...
...along with 70 tanks...
All contact was lost.
This outpost is situated
at the very edge.
The recon teams that leave from here
do come back.
Everyone who's gone deeper in
hasn't returned.
We need to figure out why.
EMERCOM is taking forever again.
I think we got a medical supply delivery.
I don't like these woods.
It feels like someone
is always watching us from there.
Too bad we don't have a flamethrower.
Hello, soldiers!
Looks like you're good with medicine now.
We brought you a doctor, too.
Where can we settle in?
Alyona?
Do you know her?
Take cover!
HQ, channel 1 is common, channel 2
is for officers, channel 3 is for Command.
Report to channel 1.
Roger that.
You have multiple hostiles
3 km away and closing.
Details?
They have a heat signature,
and they're moving at 20 km/h.
They're much bigger than a person.
Attention!
Strong electromagnetic radiation
has been detected.
Everybody, hold your positions!
Don't move!
Targets are closing in.
Major, they're headed toward you.
500 meters.
Ready!
300 meters.
150 meters.
Fire!
At 5 a.m. this morning,
a military outpost
in the Kirov region was attacked.
The attack wasn't carried out
by a group of people, but rather a...
Men, we have another one!
...it's hard to believe, but these facts
speak for themselves...
Check this out!
...there are casualties...
Come on.
And, up.
How are you, brother?
I thought we'd lost you there.
Damn, it's really you.
I thought I'd dreamt it when I was out.
It's a small world, especially now.
I'd never think you were a doctor.
You didn't tell me then.
I didn't want to ruin a great night.
Guys like to think girls are vulnerable.
Alright, no hairline fractures, which is great.
This looks good, too.
Does this hurt?
Nope.
Sorry.
I know it hurts, but I had to examine it.
Watch your head.
Joint injury and a hematoma.
So, you're the Chief of Medicine at the base?
Not even close. The chief is from Burdenko.
He spent the morning dissecting a bear.
I can't wait for them to remove it from here.
It's pretty insane.
Tell me about it.
You're on bed rest now,
you'll be back in the barrack soon.
I might drop by tonight...
for a visit.
How could hundreds of bears
deliberately attack the outpost?
I know someone who could help us
get to the bottom of this.
I'd like to meet that person.
Have you heard about the Sensors?
Are you talking about the people
who supposedly got superpowers
after the primary events?
The Sensors do exist.
I actually studied them.
They don't bend spoons or move glasses,
they're not superheroes.
But, they know something we don't.
Their minds receive data
like radios receive signals.
However, we can't decipher the data.
We don't know how they became this way,
either.
I've selected the strongest one,
but he was hurt during the primary event.
He's in a military hospital right now.
His abilities could be useful to us.
Who are you?
I'm Zhenya.
I was sent by Id.
Who is that?
You can ask questions later.
Listen carefully.
The first wave destroyed all electronics.
The second launched the self-destruction
of all biological organisms.
The third wave...
will make anyone still alive in
the quarantine zone attack us.
But, that hasn't happened yet.
We have time to stop it from happening.
What do you mean?
Who's out there?
There are 160 million of them.
People?
Not exactly.
Their free will is gone.
And it'll never come back,
which makes them more dangerous.
However, Id knows how to stop them.
And you will help him.
You'll help find the one
who controls them.
You must have seen him.
I don't want to.
I don't want this.
Leave.
Get out of here!
Somebody, get him out of here!
Are you alright?
Arrest him. How did he get in here?
Why did you let him in?
Who?
This guy.
He's right here! Are you messing with me?
I'll get the doctor.
What's happening?
What the hell is happening?
Captain, but there's no one else in here
but us.
I didn't need to get inside the hospital.
All I had to do was get in there.
I think he's hallucinating.
He says someone else is in the room.
I feel like I'm hallucinating.
You're lucky you passed out.
It was ugly out there.
They aren't easy to kill.
No shit.
And we have no clue
who's in the quarantine zone.
It wasn't a bear that took Kolya's gun.
That's true.
How is your mom?
She's not answering.
I asked a neighbor to check in on her.
She says my mom's fine.
How is your family? Alive?
They stayed in Samara.
My parents...
I had a bad fight with Mom then.
She didn't want me to go,
she always hated the military.
How come?
My brother died in Syria.
Dad always compared me to him.
He raised him, and I'm the mamma's boy.
So, I decided to prove him wrong...
and went to serve, too.
Mom couldn't accept my brother's death,
and there I was...
When it all began a month and a half ago,
I tried calling them, but it was too late.
We never spoke again.
How are you feeling, Sergeant?
A combat medic, huh?
Who could've thought?
Was that a compliment?
You tell me.
I need to change your friend's dressing.
It won't look pretty. Will you excuse us?
Alright, that sounds serious.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I signed your 3-day leave pass for Moscow.
You'll see a physical therapist
for three days
and be as good as new.
Prepare to move out.
Everyone, get in position.
Let's do it.
Raven-1 is ready.
Raven-2 is ready.
Raven-3 is ready.
Vulture-1 is ready.
Vulture-2 is ready.
Bustard-1 is ready.
Bustard-2 is ready.
Hello, boys.
Good evening, ma'am.
Say hello to Moscow for me.
Have a good time for me.
Not with my leg!
I don't know what to say.
Why am I here?
Yes.
Because it's my military duty.
I want to help, to be a part of this.
Do you have any rage?
Any desire to get revenge?
So many people have died.
Most of the population is gone,
we've all lost someone.
I didn't have anyone.
Well, except for my mother.
She's in Moscow, alive.
What did you do before all this?
I worked.
I drove a cab.
Seriously?
Can you turn off the camera?
I don't want to say this on camera.
I have a different opinion
about all this.
I don't want to lie to people.
Well, can you tell me? I want to know.
Perhaps I don't mind that this happened.
In my case, it gave my life meaning.
I was nobody as a civilian,
and here, I make a difference.
Don't you feel sorry for the people?
No, I don't know them.
I bet you don't care, either,
unless your loved ones got hurt.
Only 0.5% of the population survived.
That means that for every survivor,
there are 1,000 dead.
I'm 1 out of 1,000, you're 1 out of 1,000.
Just like everyone else in this vehicle.
I think it's pretty awesome. Isn't it?
There's total devastation ahead,
the convoy cannot move further.
I see destroyed tanks,
one's turret was blown off.
The third wave has already begun.
The recent footage
from the destroyed tank unit,
which was sent out to study
the quarantine zone,
shocked the public
and led to a new wave of panic.
Even though there are no signs
of enemy presence
or any direct impact...
...many experts believe...
...we're currently in a state of war.
The armored unit
was destroyed by weapons,
and clearly, someone controlled
those weapons.
Therefore, we have an enemy.
Frankly, this is a new form of warfare
that hasn't been used before.
That's even scarier.
There's a chance the government is hiding
who we're really fighting.
The only possible result of this
is panic and total chaos.
Truly, things aren't easy for those
who've survived.
People don't know what to expect,
many stopped going to work.
I don't think it was this bad
even in the 90s.
I can't go outside
without fear of being robbed.
The authorities say nothing,
they just keep sending more soldiers.
Why won't they tell us the truth?
We have the right to know.
We're people and we're terrified.
Crime rates in the cities have gone up.
There have been more reports
of store robberies.
Giving in to the general panic,
people pillage grocery store shelves,
looting huge stockpiles of food,
and stocking up on supplies.
Supreme High Command's
position is that
we're fighting an
unknown group of people.
After all that we've witnessed,
it's safe to assume they use weapons
found in the quarantine zone.
Considering the size of that area,
the number of military bases, and so on,
they have access to nearly every kind
of weapon available.
However, we haven't detected the movement
of any military hardware.
Therefore, we're preparing a series
of special operations.
We must take control of that area and move
deeper into the quarantine zone
to determine the location of the enemy
and their approximate number.
We have small recon teams
who will take on the mission.
In case of contact
with the enemy,
we'll send reinforcements
and deploy additional troops
from our base of operations.
It will not be an easy mission.
They are to secure a foothold
and set up an observation post.
We'll set up communications
and supply lines,
they'll have to live in the zone.
We can no longer sit around and wait.
We must act despite the high risk
of making a mistake.
HQ, this is Traveler-7,
we're 10 km away from the checkpoint.
Copy that, Traveler-7.
What if we run into someone?
Why do you ask?
I want to know what to do.
In your case, scream.
Yeah? And in your case?
Do you want to go back
before we go too far?
Do you want to go back?
Lieutenant, relax, she didn't mean that.
We're all stressed.
It's OK.
Where's your helper guy?
The cameraman?
He went to Moscow to see his family.
I can handle the camera.
Petrov!
Hold this.
Come here.
What about you?
Don't you have a family to go to?
I guess I don't.
Put me down.
This is a small village.
Let's clear every house before we dig in.
Then, we can choose the best location.
Turn on the local channel.
Team 1 takes the left side,
Team 2 takes the right.
What's wrong, Senchuk?
Spread out, keep your eyes open.
Did you see them?
There was no one, I opened the container,
and this shit fell out.
Dammit!
Are you serious?
We need to take it out.
Wait, take it out?
Wait, don't do that!
It's getting dark,
we should continue in the morning.
Let's find a good spot for observation.
Let's move toward that building.
It provides a good view.
Check every door...
if they're unlocked or broken into,
check the apartments.
What are they doing?
It's a tracking radar,
it sees people through walls.
Like in Predator.
Clear.
Where do we go?
Ninth floor, it has roof access, so we can
fast-rope down if we need to bug out.
Clear.
Major, Team 2 is clearing
their location.
Team 4 is in position.
Did they send a doctor?
He's leaving tomorrow.
Team 7 is in Kirov on recon detail.
- Who's the Lieutenant in 7?
- Kasatkin.
- That's the one with the girl.
- Yes, sir.
Keep an eye on them.
Traveler-4, come in.
Traveler-4 here. Over.
We're approaching.
Copy that.
Alyona!
Yes.
- So they sent you?
- Yes. Hi.
Sorry.
- Where is he?
- Inside.
Come, we need help.
You did a good job cleaning the wound,
for a soldier.
Thanks a lot.
I still need to bring him in.
It's deep.
Bring me in? It's not that deep.
Give me some painkillers,
and I'll dance for you.
Don't bring me in, they need me here.
It's your call, you're the boss.
Sorry, man.
If it gets infected,
we'll need to amputate.
Freaking cripples.
Olya.
Get up.
How did you sleep?
Surprisingly well.
Is everything OK?
Yes, it's all quiet.
Sorry, I decided to wake you up.
Your breakfast is getting cold.
What, do we have something hot?
It'll be the best hot breakfast ever.
Hello.
Good morning.
It smells so good.
Have a seat.
It's good. Do you always eat like this
in the Army?
It's just canned beef.
You wouldn't eat this back home.
Here, when you're at death's doorstep,
food tastes different.
Same goes for sex.
I guess I'll take your word on that one.
Listen, Mr. Pickup Guru,
your turn to watch the window.
Olya.
Did you film when we were
approaching the building?
I did. Why?
Let me see.
Which one is from last night?
Look, the door to the store was closed.
Son of a bitch.
Could be the wind.
If the wind closed it, sure...
but not open it.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
Who are you?
Zhenya told you about me.
My name is Id.
I'm hallucinating again.
It's alright, I'm really here.
Zhenya only had a mental connection.
I had connected your minds then.
We don't have much time, Sasha.
You were on the border
during the first wave.
You didn't become a slave,
but you're no longer a regular human.
You're different.
You can find the one who controls them.
You saw him, didn't you?
I did.
I didn't see his face, but I know
who you're talking about.
- It was a dream.
- Where is he?
I don't know. I can't help you.
Do you understand?
You must come with me.
Sasha!
Step away from him!
Sasha, who is that?
We have an intruder!
What do you see?
Clear, no movement.
What are they saying?
Nothing yet.
The building is clear.
Someone was here.
Looks like they come here for the food.
What do you think?
I say we recoup,
can't miss this opportunity.
Set up an ambush.
That's smart.
Do you have your grenade?
Set up traps.
I will not repeat myself.
Step away!
What the hell are you doing?
If he moves, take him down!
I didn't have to resort to that,
but a short demonstration of power
is more effective than a long explanation.
Do you think I could make them
pull the trigger?
That's right.
Millions just like me will be here soon.
They will all want the same thing...
to destroy you.
All of you.
I am on your side.
We don't have much time,
but if you hear me out,
I'll try to convince you.
You're not human. Who are you?
In your language,
I am what you'd call...
a god.
I'm ready to answer all your questions,
but we're running out of time.
Kolya, what do you see?
Nothing.
I don't think we'll see them today
if they already got their food.
How's it going?
It's going.
I don't understand everything
that's happening.
I'm describing our lieutenant for now.
I see.
What about your husband?
Is he worried you're here,
on the front line?
We have a complicated relationship.
How come?
Sometimes, the love is gone,
but people are afraid to break up.
And sometimes, it goes on for too long.
Men.
I see movement.
The trap worked.
We're moving out.
- What about me? I...
- You stay here.
If a firefight breaks out, and we
don't answer on the radio, use this.
There are two signal flares,
purple and red.
Purple means we were attacked
and need help.
- And the red one?
- Red equals dead.
"Team is destroyed, don't expect help."
Here!
Holy shit.
- He's alive.
- Check for fractures.
What's happening?
Teenager, about 14, set off the tripwire,
limbs intact.
What the hell?
Is he alone out here?
Put the camera away.
I said there could be civilians here.
Do you hear me? Put it away!
- I hear you.
- Be quiet.
He looks fine, let's take him.
Are you saying it's all
due to some radiation
that apparently turned 160 million people
into mindless alien puppets?
To put it simply, yes.
I was supposed to give the order
to begin the irradiation process
once the moon is above the ocean.
But, I gave the order when
the moon covered this part of the planet.
The radiation didn't reach it,
that's why the Circle of Life appeared.
Those beyond the circle no longer
have control over their own minds.
They simply follow orders,
like drones.
Soon, they'll gather around the circle
and attack you.
It'll begin the third wave
of colonization.
Why do you need our planet?
Our star was doomed to burn out.
We looked for a new place to live.
Your planet is perfect,
your sun is a relatively young star.
This planet will be habitable
for a long time.
So you want to destroy us?
And that's why you need
the colonization waves.
Actually, there was also...
a wave number zero.
According to our race's
colonization system,
wave zero is a biological attack
that was supposed to subdue the planet
while the ships were on the way.
Who is that?
Cover us.
Our solar system is far away from yours.
I don't understand.
Since our colonization ship is unable
to travel at light speed,
we send a smaller ship with bioweapons
through hyperspace.
It reaches the target almost instantly.
Then, the Armada moves out.
By the time the Armada arrives
in 200,000 years,
the planet is ready for new inhabitants.
So they're only coming in 200,000 years?
No, they arrive tomorrow.
What have we here?
Didn't the recon team say
there was no one out there?
He has barotrauma,
or maybe it's just a concussion.
It's not too bad, we can help him,
I'll get the medkit.
Here, drink this. How are you?
What happened?
What do you remember?
I went inside the store to get food.
- I do it almost every night.
- Go on.
I didn't know anyone else survived.
I thought everyone was dead.
Son of a bitch!
- Had enough war, did you?
- Fuck off.
How are the others doing?
I'm not sure, but I think they're fine.
Be careful, OK?
You too.
Movement detected.
This wave number zero,
the biological attack...
Did you prevent it? Or did it just fail?
On the contrary, it worked very well.
Our weapons are perfect.
Once it reaches the planet,
it starts spreading,
attacking all forms of life present.
It either destroys them or enslaves them.
That's how we got rid
of the Earth's developed race.
You mean us?
You don't actually think
that people built the pyramids?
And the underwater cities?
What are you saying?
Don't worry.
Look, what's your name?
Styopa.
I'm Maxim.
Are you in charge?
Yes, I'm a lieutenant, I'm in charge here.
We will take you to...
Mankind itself is our weapon.
You are our perfect invaders.
The perfect virus.
You wiped out the original population,
making room for us.
Look how alike we are.
Two races from different solar systems
can't be this similar.
We have the same DNA.
So, we... are you?
"Glod created man in His own image..."
But, to be specific, you're the product
of our genetic engineering.
You're a truncated version of us.
We took away your psionic abilities.
We gave you your drive to mate,
which awoke your primal instincts.
Combined with your emotions and mortality,
they result in your need to procreate
thoughtlessly and vigorously.
This way, the virus spread faster.
As a result, you completed the mission
thousands of years sooner than expected.
Men, what is happening?
- The LT was KIA.
- What?
By whom?
The injured kid we picked up,
son of a bitch.
What kid? Where is he?
The LT is gone and so is the kid.
Get off the channel!
What the hell? He was just a kid.
Men, eyes open. I see a group of people.
How many?
A lot, and they're armed.
You lack mercy and compassion.
You're driven solely by procreation
and violence.
When it comes to destroying lives,
there's no one like you.
Movement detected.
That's why waves one and two
were supposed to take you out,
leaving only the slaves.
Otherwise, you won't stop...
until you destroy everything.
Where are the shots coming from?
From everywhere.
Suppressive fire!
Alyona! Hide!
Hide!
He's hurt!
What?
Let's get out of here! Now!
Stay there and lie still.
Radio in the attack, one injured!
Yes, sir!
How is he?
Fragment wound, but no signs
of internal bleeding.
Motherfucker!
Take cover!
Get in the building!
To the building!
Seryoga, you alive?
For now!
Did you see where they fired from?
From the building across from us.
Ammunition exhausted
Son of a bitch!
Give me a status report.
Lynx was taken out completely,
the resupply team can't return.
The WIAs?
Unclear, requesting orders.
Olya! Olya, get back! Take cover!
David, find an RPG.
On it.
There you are.
Get down!
This is nonsense.
You have to believe it.
The sooner you accept the truth,
the more chances you have to win.
Not you, us.
Us?
Aren't you with them?
You control them.
Not exactly.
I arrived on that ship with the virus,
someone else was with me.
That was 200,000 years ago.
We were supposed to supervise
your development
and welcome our kind when they arrive.
I was certain
I was the only survivor by now.
But, I guess I was wrong.
Men, the tank's dead.
If you have any ideas, now is the time.
Do it!
Yes, sir.
Let's cover them!
Let's do it.
The one who controls them...
he's the same as you?
Exactly. His name is Ra,
he's their master.
Together, they're a whole.
We must kill him.
Then I can take control of them
and neutralize them.
But, first I need to find him,
that's why I'm here.
Because of Sasha?
He can see Ra.
We must take him to the outpost,
close to the quarantine zone.
My assistant and I are going with you.
What if everything you told me is a lie...
and you're on their side?
You must decide
whether to believe me or not.
Yes, I'm listening.
Yes.
Yes, alright, I'm on my way.
Our recon teams were attacked.
They went on the offensive.
We're wasting time.
They killed Petya.
Kolya is dead, too.
They're coming from everywhere!
Let's regroup!
They're at the entrance.
- Hold the door.
- Yes, sir.
Olya!
The signal flare!
Where is that? Which team?
Looks like 7, in the direction of Kirov.
The war has begun.
Give me the WP.
- Olya!
- Yes!
Come with me! Let's go!
Here. Let's go.
They retreated.
Hold the door.
They won't be back soon.
They're like ants!
They're not afraid to die.
I took out like 40 of them!
We got a few, too.
Why are they attacking us?
We don't know that yet.
We have another problem. We need
to bug out of a compromised position.
David, get the fast rope ready.
We can fasten it to that corner.
Hopefully, they don't have us surrounded.
Which is highly likely.
Can't we call anyone?
No.
We have short-range communication.
We launched the signal flare,
they know we need help.
I saw more of those.
How many?
About seven or eight purple ones
and three red.
What the fuck?
Does that mean they're not coming for us?
Well...
that means we shouldn't count on it.
Looks like a major attack.
Alright, we're on our own.
I'll take the rope.
David, be on the lookout,
they're too quiet.
Are you even mortal?
There's no such thing as immortality.
But, I will live forever...
If no one kills me.
We can alter the structure of our bodies...
renewing our cells.
Can you cure any disease?
Yes.
For instance... cerebral palsy.
I couldn't walk... I didn't feel my legs at all...
Is that how you buy loyalty?
I don't buy anything. I help.
And Zhenya helps me of his own free will.
That's the advantage we have over slaves.
I'm glad to see you, but to be honest,
I'd feel better if you stayed behind.
Who is that?
They can help us, it's a long story.
What do you need to...
to find who you're looking for?
We need a quiet place
where Sasha can concentrate.
What do you see?
Nothing.
The bodies are still there,
no one removed them.
Perhaps they left?
That's unlikely, they're regrouping.
Do we really need to leave?
We'll die if we stay.
There, we have a chance.
A small one, but a chance.
The commander's?
It was, he won't need it anymore.
Alright.
How far to the outpost?
We won't make it to the outpost.
David, where did you see the red flares?
Two there and one there.
Alright, judging from the location,
that was either Team 8, 9, or 10.
Or Teams 5 and 6 here.
There were no flares there.
This is Team 3
and 4. That way.
That way is closer.
No red flares doesn't mean they're alive.
Maybe, they had no time to launch them.
Maybe. But we're hoping for the best,
right?
Men, let's get down.
Your foot.
- What's this?
- Life-saving panties.
Let's say they're alive and out there,
just like us.
We won't make it there.
Judging from the map,
we're moving away from the outpost.
First of all, we outnumber them.
Second, their radio might be working.
If not, we'll move on to the next team,
then the next one after that.
The more of us are out there,
the better our chances to survive.
No, I'm not going there.
No.
Calm down. You can do this.
It's easy, you don't do anything,
I'll lower you down.
Feet against the wall,
and don't grab the rope.
Understood?
- Yes.
- Let's go.
I can't, I'm scared.
Calm down, it's alright.
- No, I can't do this!
- Hey!
Let's go.
I'll help you get in the right state.
Try to remember how your dreams began.
First, you heard the voices of his slaves.
Their conversations and orders.
Try to hear them now.
You must listen for the one
who controls them.
Listen.
Everything depends on you and only you.
Hear his voice.
What's that?
I don't understand. Is that a skyscraper?
He's there.
He controls them from there.
I know where he is.
He's in Kirov.
Well done.
You did everything you had to do.
We need to mobilize everyone and move out.
Can anyone tell me
what the hell is going on?
- Lt. Colonel!
- It's...
...hard to explain.
You were invaded by alien forces.
About 160 million people have survived
outside the Circle of Life.
From day one, they've been gathering
toward the Circle,
collecting weapons, grouping,
and preparing for war.
Are you from military intelligence?
What the hell?
- How did you...
- I'm what you'd call an "alien."
But, I'm on your side.
For now, we still have a chance
to turn things around.
We must take this chance.
The enemy is controlled
by someone like him.
We must take him out
or the Circle of Life won't survive.
Major, Moscow is under attack.
The connection is weak,
HQ in Nizhny isn't responding.
They broke through, sir.
That means we're almost out of time.
I'll explain it on the way.
They're not that scary.
Please...
Miss, help us.
- What?
- We were captured.
We were here...
Let me record.
Miss, please, I'm begging you.
No!
- Keep her back.
- No!
No! Please, no!
Did you forget the kid who killed the LT?
Did you forget that?
They can pretend to be anyone.
I don't give a shit anymore. Got it?
Pull yourself together.
Men, grab the ammo and the food.
Get down!
Come on.
Motherfucker!
Son of a bitch.
Let's go.
Wait.
I have to tell you something.
I'll catch up.
He saw me.
He looked me in the eye,
and it was beyond terrifying.
I've never been that terrified in my life.
Don't be afraid.
I won't let him get to you.
But, you'll be better off here. Alright?
It will be safer this way.
We'll try to make it in 24 hours.
I hope this isn't all bullshit,
and we can stop the attack.
Hang in there.
We'll be fine, Major. Good luck!
Are you hurt?
We need to reach Team 4 somehow.
Preferably, by car.
Check the cars,
maybe you'll find one that runs.
It's running.
There's still half a tank left.
Find the first aid kit.
Is Sasha in the other car?
Ra saw Sasha and now knows where he is.
Being near him is an unnecessary risk now.
Stop the car!
We're going back! Now!
What's the problem?
Outpost is under a guided missile attack!
I repeat, missile attack incoming!
What the hell? You saw this coming.
They're dead because of you.
Do you even want to win?
Not like this.
If Sasha were with us,
these missiles would hit us.
Then, mankind wouldn't stand a chance.
The death of everyone
at the outpost
was a necessary sacrifice
to save everyone else.
It's a meat grinder.
Stay here.
Yura!
Oleg.
How did you know it was me?
Why didn't you shoot?
I ran out of ammo,
otherwise, I'd shoot you.
I figured you'd get closer,
and I'd twist your neck.
I bet I'd twist yours first.
I'm glad you're alive.
Just the two of you?
Yes.
Not too many here either.
Are these all the survivors?
The press?
Welcome!
I'd get up, but I'm afraid
my guts would fall out.
Do you have any ammo left?
One magazine left.
Comms?
Nothing with the outpost or HQ.
The hell with it.
They're here.
Stop!
Stop all the vehicles.
I know it was terrifying.
It will be alright.
What about the other teams?
Thanks for picking us up at least.
We're not taking you.
What?
We're going to Kirov.
We must destroy their command.
Back to that hellhole?
We just came from there.
We have civilians  a doctor, a reporter,
some WIAs.
Are we taking them?
There's nowhere to go to.
The outpost is destroyed,
contact with command is lost.
The Circle of Life is under attack.
They broke through,
and we're the last hope.
Actually, he is.
- Freeze!
- Weapons down! He's on our side.
Let's move out.
You're all asleep.
But you, Yura, woke up.
It's war. It makes a person
who he's created to be.
You awoke your true nature.
That's what makes you stronger
than the others.
You'll help me kill our mutual enemy.
We're entering the city.
Are you OK?
Do you think they'll take Moscow?
For all I know, we're all that's left
of mankind.
Why aren't they attacking us?
He thinks I died at the outpost.
Besides, the main force
is in the Circle of Life.
I'm trying to keep us invisible to them.
But, the closer we get to Ra,
the weaker I get.
I'm sure he took measures
to protect himself.
Major!
There are armed civilians ahead
Let's go!
Heading straight to the skyscraper.
He will throw everything he has at you.
I need time.
I'll take a few soldiers...
and him.
Alright, they'll be here soon.
Everyone, get in position!
Civilians, take cover and stay there.
Did I miss something?
He ordered us to guard the entrance.
We'll fight till the end.
Alright.
I'm here if you need me.
I'll make a bet and assume
it won't be a long battle.
I'm not much of a gambler.
Fire!
Move in!
RPGI on the right!
Dammit, they're insane!
I warned you about these freaks.
Then we're freaks, too.
Son of a bitch! They're everywhere!
Please excuse me,
but it's time for me to go.
You fart too much in here anyway.
We need to take a small team
to the neighboring building.
- We'll take the fire!
- Belay that!
They asked for time, we gave them time.
- Let's move out!
- Alright, let's fall back!
Someone needs to cover us!
My team and I are staying,
you're in charge.
- Oleg, go with them!
- But, Major...
It's an order!
Let's go upstairs,
we're better off there.
And the others?
The others will cover us from here.
- But we can't...
- We can! Or it's all for nothing.
Move it!
Attention, soldiers!
Let's take as many of these assholes
with us as possible.
It's been an honor to serve with you, men.
Yes, Major.
What the hell?
Concentrate all fire on that truck!
This is it.
Now.
Are there many like you on the ship?
Yes, many. Does that scare you?
No.
Don't be afraid.
Everything is how it's supposed to be.
What do we do next?
You'll do what you were created for.
Kill.
Wars have always made you stronger.
So much stronger,
that you became a threat to us.
Ra saw that and made up a religion for you
based on love.
He hoped the wars would stop
and that mankind would remain
in a state of infancy,
with love for those around you
and a total lack of technology.
But, you turned religion into a reason
for more war and endless conflict.
You continued to kill each other.
This is what you're made for.
The nature of a virus always takes over.
You don't feel love, compassion, mercy.
Ra created all that for you.
When they arrive, you'll kill them all.
I'll show you how.
Why now?
Why didn't you come sooner?
Before 8 billion people died!
You could've stopped the radiation!
I could have.
But that would disrupt the original plan,
and the ship would go into
its defensive mode.
Right now, they don't have a clue,
and we have a chance.
So for you, this is nothing but numbers?
Human life is just math?
You let them kill people for nothing,
just to make your plan work.
Just like you let everyone die
at the outpost.
Enough of you have survived,
there's no need for more.
Really?
So there's no need for my parents?
There isn't.
Don't you get it yet?
You and your offspring will be
the beginning of a new civilization.
For centuries, you believed in someone
you'd never seen.
Now, your god will always be with you.
But you're not God!
You're the Devil!
I was helping you all this time!
I am the god you deserve.
Leave us alone.
Put your gun away, moron.
We need him alive!
A million more like him are coming.
How are you planning to fight them?
With this gun?
I'd rather take my chances with the gun
than let him mess with my head.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry!
That's what I was talking about.
Even in the weakest of the species,
such as this one,
the urge to kill is strong.
Come here!
- Oleg, no.
- Yura!
We don't stand a chance without him.
- Don't you see...
- No!
Take this, bitch!
Don't disappoint me.
Hello, son.
Do you want to kill me?
Go ahead.
You already did it once...
when you abandoned your mother and me.
You'll never be as good
as your brother.
Now we're definitely dead.
Where are they?
Why isn't anyone coming out?
Let's go.
Come on, finish me off.
We're all going to die anyway!
They're all sleeping.
This is oxygen.
It flows through these pipes.
Soon they will wake up.
I guess Ra was supposed to wake them.
What do we do?
Step back.
It's a timer.
We don't have enough time...
or ammo.
Let's make sure they don't wake up.
There's gravity everywhere!
This is the last one!
Dammit.
Olya!
Throw me the ax!
- What are you waiting for?
- Wait!
Are these children?